a moon as a caricature ensure dine there
I realize Zoey has its own myhnegon in
myself country of swaps girl I am ditch
digger
as far as jobs in slopes go it's pretty
good we are the green bounce and we have
American dream I find good job in peak
effect
Sarah I made this vow it's been 100
years the pickle brine preserved him
perfectly
it's use it the world has changed
everyone I know is gold you were able to
track down a great-grandson they passed
away it was a car crash it will tell me
everything of their deaths
how their bodies died their faces as the
life left we will bond over our pain I
[Music]
understand why you're a religious person
but I not how do you grieve for dead
parents doing okay idea is that the
whole business that's a very stupid idea
you have no wife no truth no friends no
job you need I'm fine
it will become success Wow very pungent
hmm yeah that's straight from the devil
you will finally make their parents
proud don't talk about my parents
you never met them you have the hearts
of the entire world I'm probably not
best-case scenario for the family's
become the old company we have saying
I'm sure this is aged well if man does
not throw punch it is because these men
secretly put the or don't something bad
like your polio we're gonna Jonas Salk
was give you he was this her father
no that's David Bowie give me some
mother no that's also David Bowie that
whole posters David Bowie for me you
know I just believe that if you're gonna
be life coach do that to be a life coach
247 because life is a full-time job
why you always got to speak in Paris you
know how many travel permits wants to
they call I think about it what you mean
you're gonna think about do you need me
to speak in parables to I'm gonna just
follow my calling and being a
motivational speaker
last I checked her the subject of a ten
minutes doing film not the Green Mile
take it this kind of respect lets you
achieve you contacted your family no
kidding right my family probably waiting
from the outside right now this is my
room snow like Michael Moore have BN
TJ's bo is frustrating a lot of
potential no but he stayed doing some
stupid if I ever one time miss one of
your debate yeah because I was in jail
right that's classified as of today I'm
strictly on my billionaire grind now
denounce that petty hustle hey y'all got
y'all got some change your bus passing
go home I'm gonna build my motivational
company from the flow up till it blow up
and get my dough up hey take you could
take that spit out they can edit that
out now he ain't perfect
he's right here that's for you you ain't
feeling no pain to be the pathway to
your perfect don't seek success seek
purpose and let success find you desire
position doggy style
what no sure oh you play too much no you
fill it out
[Music]
don't like about you there
you like so much you're a good listener
absolutely I cannot follow her
against this resistant so what are you
doing your manner
it isn't bad
do something
nothing lescant are you
[Music]
you're on a mission your boy pulled a
knife yep you say
[Music]
[Applause]
that one
[Music]
hi how's anyhow good can you come over
uh I can't are you okay
I am going to die tomorrow
what's going on there is not tomorrow
for me all right listen
Amy I'm really freaking out right now I
feel like you put this idea of dying in
my head can you just call me back you
[Music]
expecting someone
okay okay I just have this feeling I'm
going to die tomorrow
but how do you know I just know okay so
you don't she could be right
you're worried about catching something
something really bad is gonna happen now
ready
[Music]
alright well that was neither amazing
nor graceful no no where do you think
you're going one of us has to go make
sure he's put to rest properly
Ricky Metcalfe was a big flaming comet
more laughter more joy more mascara
[Music]
are you Ricky's mom from Texas Ricky and
I are best friends is Ricky the baby's
father
oh definitely not do you know who is
yeah
like 90 something percent oh there you
go police keys contracts
Ricky own Pandora's box Oh muffin and I
gotta warn you this muffin has me nuts
I'd suggest you mingle but I don't think
you have much in common with his crowd
not really much of a crowd this money
Dare is gonna be on your boss doc
calling boys up girls so it's kind of a
time of day issue our most popular
performers just quit
business is flatlining I have a fling
what do you know about running a drag
bar I'm a Southern Baptist glom mistress
different songs same divas some of the
same wigs too I want y'all to sing like
sing sing really sing all right
Chitra
it's my specialty my secret ingredient
is resentment
ma'am it's not a lot to share it's all
right it's my mother
[Music]
what the hell is going on here may
believe I'm not looking at our son
through your frat and uh I just saw the
general and two kernels for the first
time apparently first time in the ladies
room see New York I started going out
with Chris I was completely utterly
hooked we pretended that summer would
last forever like the future didn't even
exist after all we were in loved you're
distracting me no that's good only good
oh it's great
only great perfect
give Raya hug for me yeah
[Music]
don't let me do it let me do it
stop how you feeling you're right
where's Chris
they tried right where's Chris
[Music]
you know you did right you left somebody
behind these memories they're all that I
have left you look good baby
only good something
are you hearing things never mind I hear
your voice everywhere I go come on Chris
was your eyes
[Music]
you make it really feel he's right he's
dead
this isn't good for your eyes listen to
me Riley I can't see you because I mean
I see your face I see Chris
Ryan we have to stop you don't get to
decide that I'm not losing you
[Music]
love you're right
all listeners please be advised the
curfew will go into effect in
approximately 10:00 p.m. we'll break
down the Department of Defense's plan or
pandemic influenza and their intended
response on the child prior outbreak
what's the plan no is our plan
it's in the middle of nowhere it's
perfect it's a farm family hates me no
they don't and the virus has not spread
there yet we'll wait it out and then as
soon as it's over we will come right
back home used to be Grievous out of
here no everybody got scared now she's
me you just kind of left you might even
feel like a choice I just had to go
Kelly doesn't even know all of it not
everything
this is family business I promise you I
will never let anything bad happen to
you you're not gonna get very far
[Music]
tell me I know you're tough you already
guessed that didn't you
we're not gonna die for me Jimmy lights
out good what the hell are you doing
we have let seasick loss the lord have
mercy so Gandhi your gamma we are say
about an efficiently and my
it's under OSHA before a practice type
dynamic koala mr. Jacques routines for
us
the so disabused they have a fountain or
a facade
[Music]
take a jog so far in I have Agosto power
that's me all possible to do God related
[Music]
depends on this
beautiful
[Music]
nobody's a friend
dangit enough for anything in life away
[Music]